Your prototype's build process must result in software that
can be invoked by cd'ing to the directory containing your
software's executable and executing a command of the following
form:

    ./arc5500 <pathspec> <pathspec>

where <pathspec> is a sequence of tokens generated by

    <pathspec>  ::=  -f <pathname>
                  |  --file <pathname>
                  |  -d <pathname>
                  |  --dir <pathname>

and <pathname> is a Linux path name for a file (in the -f and
--file cases) or directory (in the -d and --dir cases) that
already exists on the CCIS shared file system.

If the <pathspec> uses the -f or --file options and names a
file, that file should be in WAVE or MP3 format.  (You needn't
support the more obscure WAVE and MP3 formats, but you should
support the more popular WAVE and MP3 formats.)

If the <pathspec> uses the -d or --dir options and names a
directory, then every file within that directory should be in
WAVE or MP3 format, and that directory should not contain any
subdirectories.

Recognition of the WAVE and MP3 formats should not rely on file
name suffixes.

If the command line is correct and each <pathname> is correct,
then the arc5500 program should compare the recordings to see
whether either is likely to have been derived from the other.

If a match is found, then the arc5500 program should print
"MATCH: " to standard output, followed by the approximate
offset in seconds at which the match was found (as measured
from the beginning of the longer recording), followed by one
space, followed by the short name of the file containing the
longer of the two recordings, followed by one space, followed
by the short name of the file containing the shorter of the
two recordings, followed by a newline.

If no match is found, then the arc5500 program shouldn't print
anything.

If the command line is correct, and all input directories and
files are free of errors, then the arc5500 program should
terminate with an exit status of 0, regardless of whether any
matches were found.

If the command line is incorrect, or a <pathname> is incorrect,
then the arc5500 program should write one or more error messages
to standard error, each beginning with "ERROR" and terminating
with a newline.  After writing these error messages to standard
error, arc5500 should terminate with an exit status other than 0.

----------------------------------------------------------------
